adds docs for Freighters signAuthEntry API (#592)
stellar/soroban-docs: docs/reference/freighter.mdx

2. Now, you can use the `signTransaction` [method](https://docs.freighter.app/docs/guide/usingFreighterNode) from `@stellar/freighter-api` in your dapp to sign Soroban XDRs using the account in Freighter.

3. Upon calling `signTransaction`, Freighter will open and prompt the user to sign the transaction. Approving the transaction will return the signed XDR to the requesting dapp.

## Sign Authorization Entries

> In order to take advantage of [contract authorization](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/fundamentals-and-concepts/authorization), you can use Freighters API to sign an authorization entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to take advantage of [contract authorization](../fundamentals-and-concepts/authorization), you can use Freighter's API to sign an authorization entry.
```

Reviewer: I'm not 100% on that particular relative link, you might need to double-check it. But, we do _generally_ use relative links for other pages within the docs site.
